Hey!
This is Mr. Chen's domineering appearance
I heard that Mr. Chen has 100 billion assets
We must not dare to be provoked
What did Xiaoqiang call me for?
Don't you know that I've been very busy lately?
Brother, I have something wrong here
There's a prickly parent
There are a few Xiaoxian
I feel like I'm not handling things fairly
And he also said that we want the Chen family to regret it
There is no one I am afraid of in Jiangzhou
Where did he say he would make the Chen family regret it?
Just him.
It's you who made us regret starting a family
Your brother is the principal
Black and white
Chicken and Duck Good
Just a scum
Haha, good boy.
sharp
How dare you be so arrogant in front of me Chen Wencheng
Song Yang
This time, you can finish Mr. Chen's temper.
Not as good as me
How nice of you to say that you just admitted your mistake?
You have to provoke Mr. Chen
Song Yang, I'll see how you end today
Somebody give him to me
Wait, what did you want from him?
He, Song Yang, these are not important
Mr. Chen
He dares to provoke your majesty and will never be tolerated
Almost ruined my big deal